progress.md, before:

# To-do list

- Change the `__init__.py` files to have a clearer package structure.

## Classical

- Add legends to plots
- Limits of calculation? 
- ZZ anisotropy -> changes the symmetry
- Go back to RMO derivation, there are no notes on it

### Montecarlo branch
- Is it working correctly?
- Check parameters from theory -> how fast can I go keeping precision
- Implement integration with RMO
- Implement parameters path calculation for the ramp and somehow save results to use for LSW

## Static

### Periodic boundary
- Analysis on spin size S
- Theta could change from site to site in a OBC setting
- Need documentation for N11, N12, computePs, computeTs,computeEpsilon, computeGsE, computeE0
- offsitelist in computePs goes in conflict with computeTs
- computePs and computeTs needs to be extended for canted-Stripe order
- correlator's computation

### Open boundary
- Input of experimental parameters 
- Need to pass to a class-based code, the parameter passing is too complicated
- Implement the non-rectangular geometry
- New sub-module for the Fourier transform

## Dynamic

Commit message:

Main update: moved open-code to class-based. Better input handling and figures of correlators

progress.md, after:

# To-do list

- Change the `__init__.py` files to have a clearer package structure.

## Classical

- Add legends to plots
- Limits of calculation? 
- ZZ anisotropy -> changes the symmetry
- Go back to RMO derivation, there are no notes on it

### Montecarlo branch
- Is it working correctly?
- Check parameters from theory -> how fast can I go keeping precision
- Implement integration with RMO
- Implement parameters path calculation for the ramp and somehow save results to use for LSW

## Static

- Pass to hdf5 for saving data compactly

### Periodic boundary
- Analysis on spin size S
- Theta could change from site to site in a OBC setting
- Need documentation for N11, N12, computePs, computeTs,computeEpsilon, computeGsE, computeE0
- offsitelist in computePs goes in conflict with computeTs
- computePs and computeTs needs to be extended for canted-Stripe order
- correlator's computation

### Open boundary
- Input of experimental parameters 
- Implement the non-rectangular geometry
- Add momentum identification plot when doing the dat
- Add option for plotting the Bogoliubov wavefunctions

## Dynamic
